[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Luffy forms an
alliance with Trafalgar Law
in order to take down
one of the Four Emperors,
the rulers of the New World.
Their first stop is Dressrosa,
where they aim to destroy a
Devil Fruit manufacturing plant.
Hoping to create a distraction,
they arrange a trade with
the country's king, Doflamingo.
But after Zoro's
sword is stolen,
the crew becomes hopelessly
separated in the vast city.
I need your help.
Hold me in a romantic embrace!
I might fall in love with you.
[SANJI gasps]
[VIOLET] I should've told you,
my name is Violet.
Would you mind,
if it's not too much,
escorting me to the next town?
[SANJI]
Anything.
And once we arrive...
[VIOLET] ...there is a man there
I need you to kill for me.
Huh?
[MAN B]
So whoever wins the tournament,
they get a Devil Fruit?
[MAN C]
And an awesome one!
The Flame Flame Fruit that
belonged to Fire Fist Ace!
Hey! Over here! I wanna enter!
I'm gonna enter! Me!
[TOY SOLDIER]
What?
What?!
No, you can't, you're too old!
Please, sir!
[chuckles]
[LUFFY chuckling]
You lost, grandpa?
This booth is where you
register for the competition.
Exactly. Put my name down!
That geezer must be
out of his mind or something!
No way he's sane!
Does he even know who he's
gonna be battling against?
[MAN A] Not a chance!
From what I've heard,
they've got some heavy-hitters
from the New World
who are dying to get that fruit.
Not to mention the champions
from the Don Quixote family.
They'll stomp that
old-timer like a bug.
Listen up, Luffy.
You gotta promise me
just one thing.
Fight however you want, but
don't let 'em know who you are.
I'm undercover!
[ATTENDANT EOS A]
Sign your name.
[LUFFY]
Luf--
[FRANKY]
What'd I just say!
Sorry, sir. Only fighters
are allowed here.
Follow me.
You remember what I
told you earlier.
Beat the crap out of 'em,
but keep a low profile.
I'll use my undercover voice.
Next time I see you,
I'll be holding the Flame Flame
Fruit, piece of cake!
[LUFFY]
Ooh.
Huh?
As I feared.
She's in the competition.
My Rebecca!
[FRANKY]
Yo.
Huh? Are you talking to me?
[FRANKY]
Mister soldier.
You from this
country originally?
Huh? Well, of course I am!
Born and raised!
Come on, don't you know a pure
Dressrosan when you see one?
I do now.
Maybe you can help me out.
I heard the big guns of
the Don Quixote family
are showin' today. Is that true?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Don Quixote?
How do you turn
your volume down?
Just answer the question!
Are they here or not?
What's your interest in
the Don Quixote family?
I'm afraid I can't
tell you that.
If you don't know,
can you tell me anything
about the SMILE factory?
You want to know
about the factory?
For a small fry,
you sure do yell a lot!
[SANJI gasps]
I can't thank you enough!
Huh?
You're a wonderful chef!
That dish you made me,
it was so very delicious!
[gasps] It all makes sense now.
The reason I've been improving
my cooking skills all this time
was for this moment.
So I could one day
cook for you, Violet.
[gasps]
Sanji...
Thank you!
[gasps]
Here they come again.
This way!
[SANJI gasps]
[SANJI]
Wherever you want, my sweet!
I'll follow you to
the ends of the earth!
[SANJI]
Is this reality?
The two of us are literally
a pair of runaway lovers!
The more the authorities pursue
us and try to tear us apart,
the more inseparable
our bond becomes!
And when the world
turns its back on us,
the brighter the flame
of our love burns!
[SANJI] I wish this happiness
would last forever and ever!
They'll spot us if we run.
Best to walk simply away.
Walk away! Huh?
[SANJI] Well, Sanji,
the dream had to end sometime.
Uh-- What?
[SANJI] But I thought you
said we should walk away!
Together, yes.
[SANJI gasps]
[LUFFY]
Ooh.
[ATTENDANT EOS A] This is the
waiting room for competitors.
Stay here until we call you.
Talk about action central! Wow!
[grunting]
The Flame Flame Fruit
is as good as mine!
Think again, you blockhead!
[COMPETITORS growl]
[COMPETITOR E] You're standing
in the way, ya weakling!
Says who? Huh?
[gasps]
Ooh.
Huh?
See that? What's with
the little guy?
Interesting.
Looks like we can use
any weapon we want.
[COMPETITORS giggle]
Huh? What gives?
Is this some kinda joke?
[COMPETITOR M] I guess
he's the final entrant.
Against warriors
like us? Get serious!
[COMPETITOR N laughs]
This is more than a joke!
It's an insult to
every gladiator here!
What're you tryin'
to pull, squirt?
Think that fake beard
makes you look tough?
[COMPETITOR P]
Forget about him, Spartan!
Who the hell wants
to see the weak
get crushed to a bloody pulp?
The crowd thirsts for battles
between strong and
manly warriors!
This is no place for the
likes of you! So piss off!
Here, let me help ya!
[SPARTAN yells]
[SPARTAN gasps]
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[giggles] My kinda place!
[COMPETITOR T] Woah! You see
what that shrimp did to him?
[COMPETITOR U] He just took down
Spartan like it was nothing!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[COMPETITOR V]
That's insane!
He was one of the star
contenders of the Colosseum!
[COMPETITOR W] I dunno!
Maybe the clutz just
tripped over himself!
[COMPETITOR X] That wouldn't
lodge you in the ground!
So? Where to?
Did you start a fight
before the event?
[LUFFY gasps]
I'm afraid that you're
gonna have to leave.
You're disqualified!
What?
We don't need trash like you
causing brawls
before the matches!
[gasps]
[SAI] Come on.
Knock it off, you idiot.
The big guy started a fight
he couldn't handle.
He's the one
you should disqualify!
If he weren't unconscious.
I don't believe it!
That's Sai and Boo from Kano!
And that's Don Chin Jao
behind them!
That guy's a living legend!
And you're certain?
[COMPETITOR BB chuckles] You can
trust me. Spartan started it.
In that case,
Spartan is now disqualified!
And Lucy can still compete.
[LUFFY]
Great!
Thank you, guys. I owe ya!
Hey, don't mention it,
pip squeak! [chuckles]
Yeah. That's right.
Don't mention it at all.
In fact, it kinda pisses me off
when I hear anyone say
the words "thank you."
Take it back!
Take back your gratitude,
ya grateful bastard!
[BOO] You don't have to
reject it that hard, bro!
If you ever say those words
to me again, I'll kill you!
[BOO] Sorry. Sometimes he
gets a little worked up.
I guess that there's
all types out there.
Dagama! You ought'a
know it's pointless
making alliances with the
other big shots in your block!
Now that is a baseless
accusation, Kelly Funk.
Enough trash talk.
Lot of big names showing up.
You said it.
Looks like each country chose
to send their baddest dudes!
[COMPETITOR DD] I was hoping
for a fight between gladiators,
but this is turning into a war
between nations over here!
First, conspiracy,
and now bribery?
You make me sick, Dagama!
There's no point
allying with anyone!
Even if you cheat like that,
there's only one
winner per block!
That means someone's
gotta go down!
How about we cut the crap?
You're here on your
country's orders, same as me!
The Flame Flame Fruit
gives you more than power,
it gives you prestige!
Most importantly, it gives you
a tactical military advantage!
Take a look around at
the faces in this room!
Let me tell you what I see!
Suleiman the beheader!
Class A war criminal involved
in the Sea Battle of Dias.
Abdullah and Jeet,
former bounty hunters
now wanted for their savage
attacks of government buildings.
Don't forget about
Orlumbus "The Surmounter."
The Adventurer of lies!
Sponsored by the
Don Quixote family itself,
we have the sadistic
100 million pirate.
Bellamy the Hyena!
I also heard the "Pirate Noble"
Cavendish is gonna be here.
And the mad rookie Bartolomeo
who made waves in
the New World last year.
Be honest.
You think with this room
of notorious characters,
no one is plotting
to rig the match?
It'd be insane if
we didn't have a plan!
I'm sure you two are
up to something as well.
Am I wrong?
[LUFFY] Is there gonna
be any food served?
You kiddin'?
The first challenge
here is a free-for-all!
Only one winner per block
goes to the next round!
[COMPETITORS]
Yeah!
Block A's match
is about to start!
Then B, C, and D
will get their turns!
There's a grand total
of 550 competitors here!
As for the following round,
only four will move on!
The odds of winning
are pretty slim.
But having your brother
in the same block
should certainly help!
How fortunate!
Guess that's
merely a coincidence
and not because you paid
an official to arrange it.
Just lucky I guess.
Yep, just luck.
[LUFFY]
Which Block do I fight in?
The receptionist should
have told you already.
It says here that
you're in Block C.
I'm sure everyone here's got
a different reason to fight.
And depending on whoever
gets the Flame Flame Fruit,
the whole world
could fall into chaos.
But that's the way it goes!
Good luck and may
the best man win!
[cackles]
[CROWD cheers]
All right! I can tell
you're excited!
Before the bloodshed,
here are the rules for
today's competition!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] For the first round,
competitors will be divided
into four blocks and
engage in a battle royale!
For those who don't know,
a battle royale is where
everyone fights simultaneously.
Meaning everyone's the
enemy except yourself!
The match ends only when
everyone else has been
eliminated or killed
in the arena!
The last gladiator standing
will be declared the winner!
A competitor is out of
the game if they get
thrown out of the ring or
are cut down by an opponent!
Meanwhile, in the moat
circling the stage,
we have a unique attraction.
A school of Little Fighting Fish
waiting to devour
anyone who falls in!
[GYATS] Doesn't matter if
you're in or out of the ring!
Corrida Colosseum is hell!
So who's ready for some
pain and suffering?
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
Then enough talk!
Let's begin, the first round of
the Corrida Colosseum events!
Attention to all 137
competitors from Block A!
Ready? At the sound of the bell.
Fight!
[CROWD cheers]
[COMPETITOR FF yells]
[yells]
[CROWD cheers]
[LUFFY]
Whoa!
Armor! Helmets and swords!
My head's about to explode!
You mean we can use
whatever we want?
Choose anything except
projectile weapons.
[LUFFY]
Oh, ho, ho!
[LUFFY] A half-naked statue
of an ancient warrior dude!
Kick ass!
Can I have that?
Afraid not.
[ATTENDANTS gasp]
I'm gonna wear this armor!
And a helmet cooler
than that old man's!
Wait! Which do I want?
I'm gonna pick the biggest
sword on the wall! Duh!
[LUFFY giggles] This lion shield
is definitely coming with me!
[LUFFY]
Ooh, and this, too!
I wish Usopp and the others
could see me now!
Hey! What's wrong?
It's the nobleman.
A nobleman?
All the female staff
are wilting like daisies!
What gives?
Just a peek is too much for me!
Well I'll be damned.
That is Cavendish.
You mean the Pirate Noble?
I can't believe he's alive!
I can't believe
he's so beautiful!
[CAVENDISH] This is where
we wait? How degrading.
Ah! You over there.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Nice ensemble.
[CAVENDISH]
Alas, there is a weight limit
for gear, I'm afraid.
A limit? Well that kinda sucks.
I look so cool though.
[CAVENDISH sighs]
Doesn't matter.
All the weapons and armor
in the world won't help you.
There's only one who deserves
the Flame Flame Fruit.
Me!
Such beautiful power
is wasted on you.
It's only fit for someone
equally as stunning!
[NARRATOR] The stunningly
handsome Cavendish,
worth over a hundred
million Berries,
reveals his frightening motive
for seeking the
Flame Flame Fruit--
declaring that
he'll slaughter Luffy
and his fellow
rookies to get it.
As a fresh sense of panic
sweeps through the Colosseum,
Luffy meets a mysterious
and lovely female fencer.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Pirate Noble! Cavendish!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!